[Integrations] Support PyTorch OpenEnv (#543)
NovaSky-AI/SkyRL: skyrl-train/docs/examples/pytorch_openenv.rst

-----------------

Prerequisites: Ensure that you have Docker installed and the required OpenEnv environment images pulled locally.

First, install the OpenEnv environments:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Execute from skyrl-gym directory
    cd skyrl-gym
    uv run skyrl_gym/envs/openenv/install_environment.py echo-env
    # Or install all environments:
    # uv run skyrl_gym/envs/openenv/install_environment.py

This will pull the necessary Docker images for the OpenEnv environments.

Dataset Preparation
-------------------

For training, we use simple example datasets generated by the ``dummy_openenv_dataset.py`` script:

.. code-block:: bash
    cd ../skyrl-train
    # Execute from skyrl-train directory
    uv run examples/openenv/dummy_openenv_dataset.py --output_dir ~/data/openenv --env_name echo_env
    # Or generate datasets for all environments:
    # uv run examples/openenv/dummy_openenv_dataset.py --output_dir ~/data/openenv 

This creates training and validation datasets with example prompts for the specified environment. Available environments include: ``echo_env``, ``coding_env``, ``openspiel-env``, ``atari-env``, ``sumo-rl-env``, ``finrl-env``.

Training
--------

> We provide an example training script for Qwen2.5-0.5B-Instruct on OpenEnv environments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide an example training script for Qwen2.5-1.5B-Instruct on OpenEnv environments:
```

.. code-block:: bash
    cd skyrl-train
    # Execute from skyrl-train directory
    bash examples/openenv/run_dummy_openenv.sh

You can customize the training by setting environment variables:

.. code-block:: bash

    ENV_NAME=coding_env NUM_GPUS=2 bash examples/openenv/run_dummy_openenv.sh

Supporting environments are: ``echo_env``, ``coding_env``, ``openspiel-env``, ``atari-env``, ``sumo-rl-env``, ``finrl-env``.

Tips
~~~~~

- **Docker Resources**: Ensure sufficient Docker resources are available, especially for computationally intensive environments like Atari or OpenSpiel.

> - **Generation Format**: The generation format is expected to be a single action wrapped in ``<action>...</action>`` tags for dummy testing. Change `_get_openenv_action` in :code_link:`skyrl_gym/envs/openenv/env.py` for this parsing logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Generation Format**: The generation format is expected to be a single action wrapped in ``<action>...</action>`` tags for dummy testing. Change `_get_openenv_action` in :code_link:`skyrl_train/integrations/openenv/env.py` for this parsing logic.
```
